Script

START OF FIRST STAGE
Penguin: (Hmmm...this jetpack handles better than I thought it would)
Penguin: (at this speed it will take not time to get to the Caribbean. I’ll be there in 5 minutes). 
Penguin: (Wait… whats this. The seagulls are throwing things at me)
Penguin: (This might be more difficult that I thought)

START OF 1ST  BOSS BATTLE
Penguin:(Darn...I think I’m lost. Hey there’s an ALbatros, maybe he will help me)
Penguin: Hey. Hey…..HEY!!.. HEY!!!!! LISTEN!!! HELLO!!
Albatros: What? What could you possibly want?
Penguin: I need to go to the Caribbean and I might be a little lost can you help me?
ALbatros: No.
Penguin: Please.
Albatros: ...
Penguin: Do you now know where it is, because if you don’t thats okay. I don’t really either.
Albatros: Leave me alone.
Penguin: But…. I need to get to the Caribbean. If you don’t know how to get there, maybe you can-
Albatross: CRAWWWWWW. I’ve had enough of your incessant chattering.

AFTER BOSS FIGHT
Penguin: (I guess he really didn’t know where the Caribbean was).
Penguin: (Maybe if I keep going in the right direction someone else will help me).


RIGHT BEFORE SECOND STAGE BOSS FIGHT
Flamingo: What are you? I've never seen something like you in the sky before?
Penguin: I'm a Penguin.
FLamingo: A Penguin?! In the sky?! Now that's unheard of.
Penguin: I built a jet-pack.
Flamingo: Do you think you are special?
Penguin:umm....what?
Flamingo: Trying to upstage me! The most beautiful Flamingo in the world.
Penguin: I'm not trying to upstage anyone.
Flamingo: Of course you are. That's why you've come to my skies to challange me to see who the most graceful creature in the sky is.
Penguin: I didn't challenge anyone.
Flamingo: LET THE CHALLENGE BEGIN.



//AT BEGINNING OF SECOND STAGE
//Hawk: Calling unidentified bird… you are flying over restricted airspace. You will either land and register with our base or be shot down. You have 45 seconds to comply.
//Penguin: Wait…..what? Who are you?
//Hawk: Average registration is a period of about 2 days of paperwork and 4-6 weeks for processing. If you cooperate you should be free to go on your way unless there are issues.
//Penguin: I still don’t know what's going on?
//Hawk: You have 45 seconds to begin descent. the choice is yours. 
//Penguin: Have a nice day….(He seemed nice.) 


//RIGHT BEFORE FIGHT
//Hawk: Calling hostile craft. You have been given sufficient time to comply with our orders. You will land immediately or be shot down.
//Penguin: Can’t we just be friends? 
//Hawk: Delta formation soldiers. This is not a drill!!

BEGINNING OF 3RD STAGE
Don Macaw:Now….what do we have here. I’ve never seen your kind before?
Penguin: I’m a penguin. I”m going to the Caribbean.
Don Macaw: I’d recommend you find an alternate route. My boys here don’t like strangers on our turf.
Penguin: But….The Fastest way there is over the Jungle.
Don Macaw: Look kid. I admire your spirit, but you’re in the wrong neighborhood. Find a new route. 

BEFORE BOSS BATTLE
Don Macaw: Look kid. I did you a favour by telling you not to come here. Why do you disrespect me by ignore my kindnesses to you.
Penguin: What?
Don Macaw: I told you my boys are territorial and you shouldn’t be here. Did you think I was kidding. Do you think this is funny?
Penguin: I’m just trying to get to the Caribbean. I don’t want any trouble.
Don Macaw: Well you should have thought of that before you ignored everything I have done for you. Prepare to never fly again you previously flightless freak. 


AFTER BOSS BATTLE
Penguin:(I...I think I see it. I’m almost there!!)
